working group: add vectorized expression working group (#46)
pingcap/community: working-groups/README.md

# Working Groups

Working Groups provide a formal avenue for disparate groups to collaborate

> around a common problem, craft a balanced position, and disband. Because they

Reviewer: "disband" should not be a goal

Author: refactored, PTAL

> around a common problem, craft a balanced position, and disband. Because they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
around a common problem, craft a balanced position, and disband. A working group
```

> represent the interests of multiple groups, they are a vehicle for consensus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
represents the interest of the group and serves as a vehicle for a consensus
```

> building. If code is developed as part of collaboration within the Working

Reviewer: ```suggestion
building. If the code is developed as part of the collaboration within the Working
```

Group, that code will be housed in an appropriate repository as described in

> the repositories document. The merging of this code into the repository will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the repository document. Merging of this code into the repository will be
```

> governed by the standard policies regarding submitting code to that repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
governed by the related standard policies.
```
